Monday 10_08_2018 @ 1pm

CSCI 3308 Project - BlizzardKicker

--- Agile Standup Meeting Summary ---

The first standup meeting for APCS consisted of planning four key code sprints to be completed this semester. The team meets for two hours every Monday. 

-- WHAT DID YOU DO? --
John Henry: I practiced HTML and CSS in lab last week. I also researched APIs, SQL, and bootstrap to prepare for this project.

Ryan Davis: Got familiar with HTML and CSS in lab, planned out sprints and finalized requirements for our project.

Matthew Skogen: Familiarized myself with HTML and CSS in the lab 5. We planned out the four sprints and allocated tasks to each person.

Kamiar Coffey: I researched various software tools in addition to HTML and CSS such as node.js and bootstrap to decide what to focus time on using. 

Chad Di Lauro: I learned and practiced HTML and CSS in the lab.

Asher Farr: I worked on node.js along with express. I installed node into our project and added bootstrap with express for hosting then pushed it all to github. 

-- WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO? --
John Henry: I will install all relevant packages and begin writing the HTML for our website with Ryan.

Ryan Davis: Begin research into frontend development for our site and begin development with JH. 

Matthew Skogen: Research and work on tutorials w/ Node.js and begin working on standing up the server for the website using bootstrap.

Kamiar Coffey: I will begin learning how to use APIs. 

Chad Di Lauro: I will figure out how I can help with the project and start working.

Asher Farr: continue working with node.js and express to stand up the local server.

-- ANY ROADBLOCKS? --
John Henry: I don’t foresee any specific roadblocks for this week, but if any come up I will discuss them at our next standup on Monday 10/15.

Ryan Davis: Need to become more familiar with web design (front and back end) in order to contribute a meaningful amount to the project. 

Matthew Skogen: Need to learn a lot about frontend/backend code development. Lots of stuff to learn but we have enough resources and people to figure out what needs to be done.

Kamiar Coffey: I need to learn how the front end software will fit with the backend database we will make. 

Chad Di Lauro: I need to allocate more time for this class

Asher Farr: Need to gain more knowledge of node.js and express.



Sprint Retrospective Meeting Notes:

-- WHAT WENT WELL? --
The planning meeting was productive for the first half because we all were honest with the amount of knowledge that the group collectively has. 
We found a good location for our Monday meetings.

-- WHAT DIDN’T GO WELL? --
Planning a time/place for the meeting was difficult and ineffective.
We all need to put in a lot more work to the project and do some more studying/research for the website

-- WHAT SHOULD BE IMPROVED UPON IN THE NEXT SPRINT?
The team needs to all meet on time and all people need to be present
We need to start working on the actual website and make sure we are all on the same page
Need to decide the focus areas for each person on the team (frontend/backend, etc…)
